Getting started.
Why do we worry about foundations?
Starting next week you'll start
diving into the details of the Hadoop
framework for big data.
Before you start, taking a little
bit of time to understand some core
concepts will help you to digest the
information on Hadoop better and faster.
Imagine yourself attending
a chemistry lab.
Before you start hearing about
the tubes and mixtures, you really need
to understand the chemistry or theory
of the practical concepts in the lab.
Similarly, learning these
concepts now will help
you with your understanding of the
practical concepts in the Hadoop lectures.
In addition, we want to prepare you to
understand the tools beyond Hadoop.
Any big data system that you find
will be built on these core concepts.
So these foundations will
help you beyond this course.
Now, let's get started.